Release cleanup (#104)
FreeRTOS/coreJSON: README.md

gcc -I source/include -c source/core_json.c
```

## Documentation

### Existing documentation
For pre-generated documentation, please see the documentation linked in the locations below:

| Location |
| :-: |
| [AWS IoT Device SDK for Embedded C](https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C#releases-and-documentation) |
| [FreeRTOS.org](https://freertos.org/Documentation/api-ref/coreJSON/docs/doxygen/output/html/index.html) |

> Note that the latest included version of the AWS IoT Device Defender library may differ across repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the latest included version of the coreJSON library may differ across repositories.
```

Reviewer 2: copy pasta gangstas 4 lyf
